You noticed something interesting here.
So when we went back, let's go back here when we say far name.
Let's just get rid of this.
Let's use the foul.
Just kind of changes to name.
Of course, this is going to have some issues, name like that.
OK.
When we do this, we say foul name is equal to John.
What are we doing here?
We are signing this and foul variable to John, to something.
So we are initializing.
That's the lingo we use in programming.
We initializing this variable to hold something in memory.
But there are different ways to initialize a variable, so variables must be initialized to something
before they're used.
What I mean by that is that I obviously cannot just have something like that and go down and say, name
is equal to James.
OK.
First of all, this is immutable.
So this is not going to work.
But even if I change this to VAR to make it immutable, we're still going to have a problem because
going to say this variable must either have a type annotation or be initialized.
What does that really mean?
Well, that means if we want to initialize in a different way our Val James, we don't want to add anything
to initialize it with the string, right?
In this case, there is another way to initialize a variable.
OK, which is a little bit more explicit, explicit in the sense that we are going to tell the compiler
what type of variable this is.
Meaning what kinds of objects or of things, quote unquote, this variable is going to hold.
So if I say Val name and then I put call in like this and I say String, OK, like that, then I have
less problems, less hover over the variable name must be initialized.
So even though I have said that the type that is expected to be sort out of her name, it's going to
be string type.
So this is a type.
Meaning what kind of contents are expected to be held in the file name?
We still have to do some more work to initialize it, which means even though we say what type, we
need to say OK, we initialize it with something.
So it's not.
Not nothing.
OK, so here I'm going to say James, for instance, OK, this is one way of doing it.
Now you notice we have an issue here and that an issue.
I should say it's just a recommendation.
Notice that string looks great out.
What does that mean if you hover over, say, explicitly, given type is redundant, here is redundant
because it's saying, Well, yeah, if you put James in double quotes, I know being in the compiler
that this is indeed a string, so you don't really need to do this.
But in the back end, that's what the compiler is doing is explicitly you will know exactly what type
is expected for Val.
So I can just get rid of that altogether and go back to what we had.
OK.
So but I wanted to show you different ways to initialize a variable, even though the compiler is smart
enough to say that is not needed because I will infer from what we're setting that this obviously is
a string that is another concept when it comes to initializing variables in Scotland.
Now the other thing is, even though let's go back to what we had before, unless a string is equal
to James, even though these compiler says this, this is redundant.
I want you to think in those terms at least to have a picture image in your head because you will see
once we talk about advanced concepts in Kotlin, such as classes and object and so forth, you will
see that this is going to be more apparent when you are declaring variables or instantiating objects.
Will school get there?
But I just wanted to get started.
So you know how to read this?
What this means is create a variable in a memory called name and it's going to be immutable, which
means you cannot mutated or change it.
And the types that are expected to be held that are variable are going to be string types.
And then I'm going to initialize for the first thing that this variable is going to have is the string
James.
OK.